style: update component images (#30)
readmeio/marketplace: components/.ExampleComponent/readme.md

This is the default `<ExampleComponent />` that we pre-fill when you create a new component in ReadMe! You can use this is a starter template for your own component.

> Upload a screenshot of the component using the format `example-component.png` and is 800x450 pixels (16:9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a screenshot of the component using the format `component-name.png` and dimensions of 800x450 pixels (16:9).
```
